README.markdown, before:

# FetLife Demographics

The FetLife Demographics user script displays a demographic breakdown of profiles that have RSVP'ed "yes" to a [FetLife.com](https://fetlife.com/) event, providing an at-a-glance view of who may be participating in the event. 

## System requirements

To use the FetLife Demographics user script, you must be running [Mozilla Firefox](http://getfirefox.com/) (version 12.0 or higher), with the [Greasemonkey extension](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/greasemonkey/) installed (at version 1.0 or higher).

Sorry, FetLife Demographics is currently [incompatible with other Web browsers](https://github.com/meitar/fetlife-demographics/issues/1). (Please help me fix that!)

## Installing

To install FetLife Demographics, go to [http://maybemaimed.com/playground/fetlife-demographics/](http://maybemaimed.com/playground/fetlife-demographics/) and click the "[Download and install](https://userscripts.org/scripts/source/151628.user.js)" near the middle of the page:

> [Download and install FetLife Demographics](https://userscripts.org/scripts/source/151628.user.js)

If you enjoy this script, please consider tossing a few metaphorical coins in [my cyberbusking hat](http://maybemaimed.com/cyberbusking/). :) Your donations are sincerely appreciated! Can't afford to part with any coin? It's cool. [Tweet your appreciation, instead](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=It%27s%20much%20easier%20to%20figure%20out%20if%20I%20want%20to%20go%20to%20event%20%40FetLife%20using%20%40maymaym%5C%27s%20%23FetLife%20Demographics%20script%3A%20http%3A%2F%2Fmaybemaimed.com%2Fplayground%2Ffetlife-demographics%2F%20Thanks%5C%21).

If [maybemaimed.com is censored](http://maybemaimed.com/where-im-censored/) where you are, you can alternatively go to [the Userscripts.org page for FetLife Demographics](https://userscripts.org/scripts/show/151628) and click on "[Install](http://userscripts.org/scripts/source/151628.user.js)".

## Using

To use FetLife Demographics, [log in to your FetLife.com account](https://fetlife.com/login) and browse to an event listed on FetLife.com.

Under the list of user profiles who are "Going" to the event, a "Demographics" line will automatically begin collating information about all users who have RSVP'ed to the event, as shown in the screenshot below:

![Screenshot of FetLife Demographics "loading" display.](http://i.imgur.com/QjHvg.png)

Once all RSVP's have been collated, a demographic breakdown will be listed:

![Screenshot of FetLife Demographics showing list of users organized by demographics.](http://i.imgur.com/UUQ4K.png)

To view specific users listed under certain demographic categories, click the "show" button:

![Screenshot of FetLife Demographics with user list expanded.](http://i.imgur.com/dmCoG.png)

## Frequently Asked Questions

Before you report a new issue with FetLife Demographics, please check to ensure your question is not already addressed in the list below.

* [Can I search for a user by demographic category?](#can-i-search-for-a-user-by-demographic-category)

### Can I search for a user by demographic category?

Yes, but you'll need to install the [FetLife Age/Sex/Location Search](http://maybemaimed.com/playground/fetlife-aslsearch/) script to do so.

## Change log

* Version 0.1:
** Initial release.

Commit message:

Also tally user friends lists. Update to version 0.2, update `README`.

README.markdown, after:

# FetLife Demographics

The FetLife Demographics user script collates demographic information about a user's friends or profiles that have RSVP'ed "yes" to a [FetLife.com](https://fetlife.com/) event, and displays totals based on groupings of age, sex, and role. This is a helpful metric in quickly determining whether a user is an objectifying troll (e.g., if they list themselves as a "male dom" and their friend list is overwhelmingly "female sub" profiles, ask yourself why this is so), as well as providing an at-a-glance overview of who may be participating in an event.

## System requirements

To use the FetLife Demographics user script, you must be running [Mozilla Firefox](http://getfirefox.com/) (version 12.0 or higher), with the [Greasemonkey extension](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/greasemonkey/) installed (at version 1.0 or higher).

Sorry, FetLife Demographics is currently [incompatible with other Web browsers](https://github.com/meitar/fetlife-demographics/issues/1). (Please help me fix that!)

## Installing

To install FetLife Demographics, go to [http://maybemaimed.com/playground/fetlife-demographics/](http://maybemaimed.com/playground/fetlife-demographics/) and click the "[Download and install](https://userscripts.org/scripts/source/151628.user.js)" near the middle of the page:

> [Download and install FetLife Demographics](https://userscripts.org/scripts/source/151628.user.js)

If you enjoy this script, please consider tossing a few metaphorical coins in [my cyberbusking hat](http://maybemaimed.com/cyberbusking/). :) Your donations are sincerely appreciated! Can't afford to part with any coin? It's cool. [Tweet your appreciation, instead](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=It%27s%20much%20easier%20to%20figure%20out%20if%20I%20want%20to%20go%20to%20event%20%40FetLife%20using%20%40maymaym%5C%27s%20%23FetLife%20Demographics%20script%3A%20http%3A%2F%2Fmaybemaimed.com%2Fplayground%2Ffetlife-demographics%2F%20Thanks%5C%21).

If [maybemaimed.com is censored](http://maybemaimed.com/where-im-censored/) where you are, you can alternatively go to [the Userscripts.org page for FetLife Demographics](https://userscripts.org/scripts/show/151628) and click on "[Install](http://userscripts.org/scripts/source/151628.user.js)".

## Using

To use FetLife Demographics, [log in to your FetLife.com account](https://fetlife.com/login) and browse to a user profile or an event listed on FetLife.com.

Above the list of a user's friends, or under the list of user profiles who are "Going" to the event, a "Demographics" line will automatically begin collating information about all the relevant users, as shown in the screenshot below:

![Screenshot of FetLife Demographics "loading" display.](http://i.imgur.com/QjHvg.png)

Once all RSVP's have been collated, a demographic breakdown will be listed:

![Screenshot of FetLife Demographics showing list of users organized by demographics.](http://i.imgur.com/UUQ4K.png)

To view specific users listed under certain demographic categories, click the "show" button:

![Screenshot of FetLife Demographics with user list expanded.](http://i.imgur.com/dmCoG.png)

## Frequently Asked Questions

Before you report a new issue with FetLife Demographics, please check to ensure your question is not already addressed in the list below.

* [Can I search for a user by demographic category?](#can-i-search-for-a-user-by-demographic-category)

### Can I search for a user by demographic category?

Yes, but you'll need to install the [FetLife Age/Sex/Location Search](http://maybemaimed.com/playground/fetlife-aslsearch/) script to do so.

## Change log

* Version 0.2:
** Tally demographics in user friends lists.
* Version 0.1:
** Initial release.
